[Clang][doc] -ffp-contract options and standard compliance (#127621)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/UsersManual.rst

   permitted to produce more precise results than performing the same
   operations separately.

   The C/C++ standard permits intermediate floating-point results within an
   expression to be computed with more precision than their type would
   normally allow. This permits operation fusing, and Clang takes advantage
   of this by default (``on``). Fusion across statements is non-C/C++ standard

>    compliant behavior and can be enabled (``fast``).

Reviewer: This last sentence is a bit unclear. I would suggest " Fusion across statements is not compliant with the C/C++ standard but can be enabled using ``-ffp-contract=fast``."

BTW, the C standard allows contraction of "expressions" saying that "a floating expression may be contracted" but the language gets imprecise if we start talking about "contraction across expressions" or "contractions across statements." I think saying "contractions across statements" is not allowed is more accurate, because we always have sub-expressions within what we're contracting. On the other hand, there are cases where we will not contract even within a statement. For example, an explicit cast in the middle of a statement prevents contraction (e.g. `x = c + (float)(a * b)` when a, b, and c are double). @AaronBallman can you suggest more precise wording?

>    Fusion can be controlled with the ``FP_CONTRACT`` and ``clang fp contract``

Reviewer: It's probably worth a mention here that `-ffp-contract=fast` ignores pragmas, though I still think that behavior should be changed.

Author: Ok, I have added that for now.

   pragmas. Please refer to the pragma documentation for a description of how
   the pragmas interact with this option.

   Valid values are:

   * ``fast``: enable non-C/C++ standard compliant behavior and fusion across

>      statements disregarding pragmas (default for CUDA)

Reviewer: I would change the order here. Fusion across expressions is the important point for most people. Perhaps "enable fusion across expressions, breaking compliance with the C/C++ standard (default for CUDA)"?

Author: Done. 
I did notice you're using "expressions", but I've kept "statements".

   permitted to produce more precise results than performing the same
   operations separately.

>    The C/C++ standard permits intermediate floating-point results within an

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The C/C++ standards permit intermediate floating-point results within an
```

Reviewer 3: I'd prefer `C and C++ standards`. Same elsewhere in the changes. :-)
